pkgs/README.md: add `meta.mainProgram` to new-package checklist template (#307587)
NixOS/nixpkgs: pkgs/README.md

  - License must match the upstream license.
  - Platforms should be set (or the package will not get binary substitutes).
  - Maintainers must be set. This can be the package submitter or a community member that accepts taking up maintainership of the package.

>   - The `meta.mainProgram` must be set if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `meta.mainProgram` must be set if a main executable exists.
```
